Prebuilt docker images with Github Actions (#199)
KSIUJ/gutenberg: docs/src/internals/docker.md

Reviewer: Please describe the automatic publishing of images here. Especially:
1. when are the images built?
2. how are the images labelled, and tagged (versioned)?
3. do we have a `latest` or `stable` tag?

Author: The images are built automatically on every push to the `main` and `develop` branches, as well as whenever a new GitHub Release is published. The workflow uses the `docker/metadata-action` to dynamically generate tags. Images are tagged with the branch name (like `main`or`develop`) for branch pushes. For releases, they are tagged using Semantic Versioning (SemVer) based on the release tag. By default, we avoid using a generic `latest` tag to prevent unpredictable updates. Production deployments should rely on explicit release tags (sth like `v1.2.3`), while `main` and `develop` tags reflect the latest state of those respective branches.

The graph below visualizes the build-time layer dependencies.

The images are based on Alpine Linux or on Debian. The variables `DEBIAN_VER` and `ALPINE_VER`
are used to select versions of the base images. The same versions should albo be used 

> when specifying image versions in `compose.yml`. Using common versions let's Docker reduce the disk space used by the images.

Reviewer: Oh, I made a typo here
```suggestion
when specifying image versions in `compose.yml`. Using common versions lets Docker reduce the disk space used by the images.
```

Build-time steps (like running the `collectstatic` command) use `docker_base.py` as the settings module.
Run-time commands (starting the Django server and Celery worker) use `docker_server_overrides.py`.
See the `ENV DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=` commands in the `Dockerfile`.

## Automatic Image Publishing
Gutenberg uses GitHub Actions (`docker-publish.yml`) to automatically build and publish Docker images to the GitHub Container Registry (GHCR).
The images are built automatically on every push to the `main` and `develop` branches, as well as whenever a new GitHub Release is published.
The workflow uses the `docker/metadata-action` to dynamically generate tags. Images are tagged with the branch name (for example, `main`, `develop`) for branch pushes. For releases, they are tagged using Semantic Versioning (SemVer) based on the release tag.

> By default, we avoid using a generic `latest` tag to prevent unpredictable updates. Production deployments should rely on explicit release tags (like `v1.2.3`), while `main` and `develop` tags reflect the latest state of those respective branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not publish images with a `latest` tag.
Pproduction deployments should
rely on explicit release tags (like `v1.2.3`), a `latest` tag could break deployments when a new  major version of Gutenberg is released.   
The `main` and `develop` tags reflect the latest state of those respective branches.
```

Author: suggestion applied
